Max APIs (#244)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-review-prerequisites.adoc

== Hardware Requirements

> A single Flex Gateway can support multiple backend APIs. To support more backend APIs, you can deploy multiple replicas or additional Flex Gateways. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single Flex Gateway can support multiple backend APIs. To support the most amount of backend APIs, you can deploy multiple replicas or additional Flex Gateways. 
```
I'm not sure these are hardware requirements. It's more of a statement about deploying software.

Reviewer: Maybe it's equally confusing to say "the most amount of", because then they'll ask what that amount is.

So, yeah, maybe it's all good.

Reviewer: Though I'm still not sure these sentences should live under "Hardware Requirements".
